The Joe Rogan experience. Or that's what happened? I'm sorry.
That's what happens by the way,
when there are presidential debates where the moderators are typically less
than ideal in terms of their express bias. And that's why I was very excited.
And I think I had even shared, uh, when, when, when the rumor was coming out,
that, you know, you'd be willing to, uh,
moderate a debate between Biden and Trump. I thought, God, that's a great idea.
Whatever happened with that, that either of their camps, uh,
reach out to you or did you connect with them?
What happened with that whole story?
All in, he was all in. He wanted to do it. Yeah. He tweeted it. I mean, he,
he wanted to do it. He contacted people that contacted me to do it,
but I never reached out to the Biden people.
I felt like if they wanted to do it, they would reach out to me.
And if they did, I would have done it. Um,
but I just don't think that's a good forum for him. I mean,
as we've seen the debates themselves specifically,
the last debate was not good for him. But what I would have done is like,
when he was saying that I've never said I was going to ban fracking,
Jamie would have just pulled up video of him saying I'm going to ban fracking.
And that would have been horrible for him. It would have been much better. Um,
in terms of getting some clarity on what he's actually said and what he's
actually done. And you know,
and then the other things about saying that his son never received any money
from Russia. And that that's, that's, that's a lie.
It's been disproven and it hasn't been disproven.
He knows it hasn't been disproven,
but he knows that he can say that on the air and no one's going to call him on
it. I would have stopped the moderation.
I would have stopped the thing where I go, sir,
we're going to pull up these articles and I want you to tell me what about these
articles is in factual? Like what is, what's a lie?
And are you sure that's would you be willing to say this in court?
Which would, would you be willing to risk perjury?
Would you say this in front of a judge? Like if you,
cause you could be in real trouble, if you did that,
but you could just lie in a debate and the moderators don't check you.
No one says anything about it. No one Googles it,
what can't they just pull up a story, pull up a video.
There's I mean the fracking thing was particularly egregious. Yeah.
Well there's only one Jamie he's right here. We're not giving them up,
but someone could have done that.
And it would have been much better for the American public to just stop
everybody in their tracks. And also like,
why do they have two minutes to answer that that's so antiquated.
This is so ridiculous. The idea that you're talking about,
something that literally can affect the free world,
the decision of who gets control of the United States of America, who,
what party is in control and that you're going to put some arbitrary two minute
time limit on these discussions is crazy. It's it's so ridiculous.
And also the format is confined by these time
blocks that they have this 90 minute time block,
you should have a 90 minute time block.
You should start it at like agreed upon time, 60 minutes or 6:00 PM or whatever,
whatever you want to do.
And then work it out like Abraham Lincoln and some of the speeches that he gave
when he was running for president, there were hours and hours long,
and he was talking without a microphone in like a town square and discussing
these ideas that he had and they would last forever.
And that's how you find out what a person thinks and believes you have to. And,
but now with the tools that we have available,
the fact that they don't use those tools during a presidential debate,
fact-check Trump. When he lies about something, pull it up, show,
show that he's not telling the truth show what he actually said showed.
He actually did, as opposed to what he said, he's doing call him out on it,
call Biden out on it. Let's get to the bottom of this. But you know,
even though those tools are available,
mainstream media would have to give away control.
They would give away control of their ability to navigate and
steer this narrative, right? The narrative that they're trying to steer,
you know, the bias that they're trying to exert on our election process
is really offensive. It should be offensive to people.
It should be offensive that they have the ability to Google whether or not Joe
Biden really did say he would never ban fracking. And they didn't.
Why would you not pull up a video that's readily available online and say, sir,
we're going to pause here for a moment.
We're going to play this video and tell me what you meant when you said you were
going to ban fracking.
Tell me what you meant when you said you were going to embrace the green new
deal. Tell me what you said when you,
when you said that you were going to do whatever, the,
whatever the you lied about and pull it up.
I think for me, what amazes me about when he says things like that and,
and I suspect maybe we can say the same thing about Trump,
although I can't remember quite the same types of lies.
Trump usually lies about, you know,
my penis is the biggest the women have told me I'm the greatest lover ever look
at the number of people and he's, it's, it's, it's, it's bombastic, boasting,
right. Whereas the other guy, right.
And the other guy is basically saying things that are demonstrably false.
And the only thing I can think of that could explain sort of the chutzpah
of engaging in these types of lies it's as if Joe Biden's brain
still exists in the 1940s where he doesn't know
that there's this thing called Google and computers where we can quickly
have Jamie fact check you, right.
Because what the rates are in the same way that he does the corn pop story,
which, which is difficult to, to, to know if he's telling the truth or not.
Because again,
it happened in the sixties or seventies or whenever he could say something,
thinking that it can't be falsified because how else could you logically
explain that he would engage in such lies? Right?
Well, not only that, like how was the democratic party not saying, Hey,
this is a mistake.
Like the whole idea that there's a deadline to this process.
And it all has to be done in a certain amount of time.
And this is how we have to do it. It's like, boy, it's so weird.
It's so weird that such an important decision episodes of the Joe Rogan
experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking you. Just go download Spotify,
Bubba. Okay.